README.md, before:

# LightHouse

... a business application framework, brought to you with dedication and passion by Turneo (www.turneo.com).

We are slowly uploading LightHouse to GitHub. This will be a process of several weeks/month. We want to be sure that all uploaded code is consistent, tested and well documented. As such we are moving forward step by step.

You will find in every LightHouse component a Code, Documentation and Testing folder. The Code folder contains the source code, the Documentation folder contains all related documents like drafts, specifications, guidelines and how-to's. The Testing folder contains the unit and integration tests for the different platforms.

LightHouse is dual licensed and as such can be used for Open Source projects for free. Contact us if you are interested in a commercial license.

Several NuGet packages are already available. More will be published in the coming months:

* https://www.nuget.org/packages/LightHouse/
* https://www.nuget.org/packages/LightHouse.Core/
* https://www.nuget.org/packages/LightHouse.Ontology/
* https://www.nuget.org/packages/LightHouse.Application.Mobile/
* https://www.nuget.org/packages/LightHouse.Storage.Embedded/
* https://www.nuget.org/packages/LightHouse.Storage.Repository.Memory/

LightHouse is a registered trademark of Turneo AG.

Commit message:

Added LightHouse README.md and Wiki as link to this document.

README.md, after:

# LightHouse

... a business application framework, brought to you with dedication and passion by Turneo (www.turneo.com).

We are slowly uploading LightHouse to GitHub. This will be a process of several weeks/month. We want to be sure that all uploaded code is consistent, tested and well documented. As such we are moving forward step by step.

You will find in every LightHouse component a Code, Documentation and Testing folder. The Code folder contains the source code, the Documentation folder contains all related documents like drafts, specifications, guidelines and how-to's. The Testing folder contains the unit and integration tests for the different platforms.

More information about LightHouse can be found in the following readme and wiki:

https://github.com/Turneo/LightHouse/blob/master/Documentation/README.md
https://github.com/Turneo/LightHouse/wiki

LightHouse is dual licensed and as such can be used for Open Source projects for free. Contact us if you are interested in a commercial license.

Several NuGet packages are already available. More will be published in the coming months:

* https://www.nuget.org/packages/LightHouse/
* https://www.nuget.org/packages/LightHouse.Core/
* https://www.nuget.org/packages/LightHouse.Ontology/
* https://www.nuget.org/packages/LightHouse.Application.Mobile/
* https://www.nuget.org/packages/LightHouse.Storage.Embedded/
* https://www.nuget.org/packages/LightHouse.Storage.Repository.Memory/

LightHouse is a registered trademark of Turneo AG.
